.TH "OPENSHIFT KUBE" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift kube config \- config modifies kubeconfig files


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift kube config\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
config modifies kubeconfig files using subcommands like "kubectl config set current\-context my\-context"

.PP
The loading order follows these rules:
1. If the \-\-kubeconfig flag is set, then only that file is loaded.  The flag may only be set once and no merging takes place.
2. If $KUBECONFIG environment variable is set, then it is used a list of paths (normal path delimitting rules for your system).  These paths are merged together.  When a value is modified, it is modified in the file that defines the stanza.  When a value is created, it is created in the first file that exists.  If no files in the chain exist, then it creates the last file in the list.
3. Otherwise, ${HOME}/.kube/config is used and no merging takes place.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    use a particular kubeconfig file


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-data\-source\fP="influxdb"
    Data source used by InitialResources. Supported options: influxdb, gcm.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-dbname\fP="k8s"
    InfluxDB database name which contains metrics requred by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-hawkular\fP=""
    Hawkular configuration URL

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-influxdb\-host\fP="localhost:8080/api/v1/proxy/namespaces/kube\-system/services/monitoring\-influxdb:api"
    Address of InfluxDB which contains metrics requred by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-namespace\-only\fP=false
    Whether the estimation should be made only based on data from the same namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-password\fP="root"
    Password used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-percentile\fP=90
    Which percentile of samples should InitialResources use when estimating resources. For experiment purposes.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-user\fP="root"
    User used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-kube(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-kube\-config\-view(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-kube\-config\-set\-cluster(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-kube\-config\-set\-credentials(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-kube\-config\-set\-context(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-kube\-config\-set(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-kube\-config\-unset(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-kube\-config\-current\-context(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-kube\-config\-use\-context(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
