.TH "OPENSHIFT KUBE" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift kube create \- Create a resource by filename or stdin


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift kube create\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Create a resource by filename or stdin.

.PP
JSON and YAML formats are accepted.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to file to use to create the resource

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-extended\-apis\fP=true
    If true, include definitions of new APIs via calls to the API server. [default true]

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output mode. Use "\-o name" for shorter output (resource/name).

.PP
\fB\-\-record\fP=false
    Record current kubectl command in the resource annotation.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-save\-config\fP=false
    If true, the configuration of current object will be saved in its annotation. This is useful when you want to perform kubectl apply on this object in the future.

.PP
\fB\-\-schema\-cache\-dir\fP="\~/.kube/schema"
    If non\-empty, load/store cached API schemas in this directory, default is '$HOME/.kube/schema'

.PP
\fB\-\-validate\fP=true
    If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-data\-source\fP="influxdb"
    Data source used by InitialResources. Supported options: influxdb, gcm.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-dbname\fP="k8s"
    InfluxDB database name which contains metrics requred by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-hawkular\fP=""
    Hawkular configuration URL

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-influxdb\-host\fP="localhost:8080/api/v1/proxy/namespaces/kube\-system/services/monitoring\-influxdb:api"
    Address of InfluxDB which contains metrics requred by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-namespace\-only\fP=false
    Whether the estimation should be made only based on data from the same namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-password\fP="root"
    Password used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-percentile\fP=90
    Which percentile of samples should InitialResources use when estimating resources. For experiment purposes.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-user\fP="root"
    User used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Specify a kubeconfig file to define the configuration

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
# Create a pod using the data in pod.json.
kubectl create \-f ./pod.json

# Create a pod based on the JSON passed into stdin.
cat pod.json | kubectl create \-f \-

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-kube(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-kube\-create\-namespace(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-kube\-create\-secret(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-kube\-create\-configmap(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-kube\-create\-serviceaccount(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
